So here we have our venerable counter,
needs some updates, right and
this goes back to that question
we had before of like,
it's important to see how skip until and
take until will start and stop one.
But this gave us an observable,
that was basically one time use.
What we really wanna do,
is again, swap back and
forth between a regular
cadence of integers and
complete silence depending on whether or
not we want things to reflect in our UI.
So, one of the things that we saw
previously is instead of using the events,
we took a look, we use mapTo, right?
And we'll just add this up here,
say, mapTo and for each of these,
mapTo true,
mapTo false, right?
And now, counter is going to be,
we're still gonna need this
interval at some point or another.
But let's kind of start up here for
a second.
And counter is reliant, it's merging
the clicks on that button, right?
And depending on what the last event on,
should I be running,
should I not be running, it will then
redirect its output in a different way.
So we'll say counter in this case and
just merge together, start and pause.
Right, so I want to listen to
both these true values, and
false values coming through.
If I was to just a regular map over this,
or
even just tap I would get true false
depending what button happened.
Now what I really wanna do is give
back a different observable and
swap that in, as we kind of go through.
So, instead of mapping
it to an observable,
in this case, I want to switchMap.
Right, and this again,
the value that switchMap is gonna get is
the value that came into this observable.
Now, because we've mapped
to either true or false,
we will get either true or false.
So this will be a boolean of, should I
be running, should I not be running?
In fact,
let's call this shouldIBeRunning, And
we'll kind of do with the long hand here
just to make sure it's abundantly clear,
we won't use a ternary like we saw before.
We'll say if shouldIBeRunning,
return an interval that runs
every one second, right?
Otherwise, return NEVER, right?
So either depending on the last
value that came through,
we're going to either return an interval,
or we're going to return NEVER.
Then we'll see there's a slight problem in
my code, you can kind of see down here but
yeah, question.
>> You have to pipe those mapTos,
right, at the top on the.
>> Yep, theoretically if I hate my
bundle size, I don't [LAUGH] right,
if I wanted you to pull them in,
but you're right.
I should.
>> Do you use the chaining
method instead of pipe?
>> Yeah.
>> Genie is deprecated.
>> Yeah cuz again,
if you enjoy a reasonable bundle size,
there's no way to have
an observable that has all 100 and
I think I counted 134 methods.
I ship those whatever even if they
said we use what mapTo switchMap.
Don't need all the rest of the operators,
right?
Let's only pull in the ones we need.
So should I be running?
We have counter, and
we need to get rid of the other counter.
Now what's missing?
I'll just hint.
This will work, but it's gonna have
that problem we had before, right?
Which is you'll get
a fresh count every time.
You will not pick up where you left off
because this is returning a brand new
interval observable.
Right, so this one's gonna start at
zero or one or whatever, every time.
What we really wanna do is that's fine,
but we want to pick up where we left off.
So we'll grab this scan as well.
We'll pop it in there too.
Awesome.
So yeah,
now depending on which way this happens,
we should finally reach the promised
land of two buttons and
a number that do roughly
what we expect it to do.
The one thing that I've noticed
is that the IntelliSense,
I'm gonna import stuff for you.
It's a little squirrely if
you have both of these,
so, We can start it.
We can pause it.
We can start it again.
We can pause it again.
Now if I took out that scan,
you kind of see that I can start it.
I can pause it.
If I start it again, it goes to 0.
The reason for that is I'm getting
a fresh observable every time
an interval pumps out 0, 1, 2,
3, 4, 5, so on and so forth.
With that scan, listen, as long as it's
kind of the effective version of mapTo.
I don't care what number you produced.
I'm keeping my own count,
I'm using my own count,
whatever you told me you're producing,
I'm unconcerned with.
So scan is again that way
to kind of maintain state.
Like we saw on that test earlier,
you can almost implement a reducer-like
situation just using scan.